---
tags: post 
date: "2023-10-09"
title: Week of October 09, 2023
---
# Week of October 9, 2023

We released the GSA FAC as a minimal viable product. That means we are continuing to work and improve the FAC. We work in [an agile manner](https://asana.com/resources/agile-methodology).

The GSA FAC team worked to minimize change between submission systems. We have worked closely with auditors, auditees, and Federal users to achieve this.

## Items of note:

- We've updated [our UEI validation criteria](https://support.fac.gov/hc/en-us/articles/20299116907149-UEI-validation) to only require that an entity's UEI exists. This should reduce the number of UEI errors users experience.
- We know some users have found the error messages for workbook validation confusing. We are working to improve these messages.

## What's next?

We know that not every tool you are used to is currently available, and we are working quickly to add features in the coming months.

Our goal is to be transparent and share our areas of focus. You can see what features are coming up in [our backlog](https://github.com/orgs/GSA-TTS/projects/13/views/1). 

We are currently working on [search](https://github.com/GSA-TTS/FAC/issues/2236). This will give Federal and public users the ability to find and download completed audits. Our goal is to have a first version of search and download available by the end of October.

Our other feature priorities are:
- Adding the ability to unlock audit submissions to edit and then re-lock for certification instead of starting a new submission.
- Adding the ability to add, remove, or change auditors and certifying officials who are attached to the audit.
- Adding the ability to resubmit a previously submitted and completed audit.
- Adding email notifications to alert auditees and auditors that a step is ready for them to complete.
