---
layout: home.njk
title: FAC Updates - Week of Dec 18, 2023
date: 2023-12-17
meta:
  name: FAC Updates - Week of Dec 18, 2023
  description: Read historical updates from the Federal Audit Clearinghouse.
tags: updates
---

# {{title}}

This week we've made improvements to user access roles, search results, and Tribal data access.

## What we delivered

We work in [an agile manner](https://asana.com/resources/agile-methodology). That means we have a long-term strategy, medium-term features we work to deliver, and make continuous improvement and bug fixes to the existing product. 

### Audit access management

We improved [the user access experience]({{ config.baseUrl }}resources/instructions/user-access) for single audits. Users can now change both the auditor and auditee certifying official for a submission and add new audit editors. 

Future improvements will allow for the removal of other contributors to a submission.

### Search improvements

We added the ability to filter search results by auditee state. We also enhanced the results returned by the ALN filter, making it possible to see if a submission includes audit findings.

### Tribal data access controls

We have implemented [access controls for Tribal audit data]({{ config.baseUrl }}data/tribal), and notified NSACs and KMSALs. This data will now appear in searches for logged in Federal users who have access.

### Summary reports 

We added the ability to download a summary report for an individual single audit submission. This combines all data from a single SF-SAC into one Excel document.

### Pre-certification review

Auditors and auditees can now review a submission after it is validated and locked, but before it is certified.

## What's next?

### Historic data migration

We continue to work with Census on the migration of historic data.
